[docs] Update docs (#3959)
kmagiera/react-native-gesture-handler: packages/docs-gesture-handler/docs/fundamentals/state-manager.mdx

import CollapsibleCode from '@site/src/components/CollapsibleCode';

RNGH3 allows to manually control [gestures lifecycle](/docs/under-the-hood/state) by using [`GestureStateManager`](#gesturestatemanager).

## State management

Manual state management is based on `handlerTag`. There are two ways of manual state control. Some gestures also support [`manualActivation`](#manualactivation) property, which blocks their automatic activation, event if they met specific criteria.

### Inside gesture definition

> If you want to manipulate gesture's state in its callbacks, you can get `handlerTag` from event parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to manipulate gesture's state in its callbacks, you can get `handlerTag` from event parameter.
```

});
`}/>

### manualActivation

> When `manualActivation` property is set to `true` on a gesture, it will not activate automatically even if its activation criteria are met. You will need to use [`GestureStateManager`](#gesturestatemanager) to manipulate its state manually.

Reviewer 2: You `will need` kinda implies that it's not intended.
```suggestion
When `manualActivation` property is set to `true` on a gesture, it will not activate automatically even if its activation criteria are met. You can then use [`GestureStateManager`](#gesturestatemanager) to manipulate its state manually.
```
